welcome to module one lesson five the
eight-part Google ads audit optimization
is about making your campaigns more
effective and efficient so that you can
ultimately drive a greater return from
your Google ads activities how can you
ever hope to achieve that if you don't
know how to find the hole that's sucking
profits this is where an audit comes in
I'm going to walk you through my entire
eight-part Google ads audit this is the
exact same process that I've used to
manage accounts spending close to a
million dollar per month on Google ads
and it's the same thing I teach my team
at AC conversion I want to start by
prefacing that audits take work and you
need to be willing to dive into your
account and spend the time pulling
formatting and analyzing the data so
without further Ado here's the eight
part Google ads audit part number one is
account review part number two is
campaign review part number three is AD
group review part number four is keyword
review part five is ads and extensions
review part six is landing page review
part seven is budget and performance
review and finally part eight is
visibility review you're going to learn
how to go through any Google ad account
regardless of size with a fine tooth and
comb from top to bottom and identify
exactly what needs to be done I promise
you after implementing this process your
new problem will be not what can I do
but how do I choose what to do first so
to help you follow along and put this
audit into action I actually put
together a Google ads audit checklist
that has each step listed out so here's
what actually looks like in practice so
if you navigate here into your course
workbook I've got the Google ads audit
checklist for you just scroll down here
and you can see this is a screenshot of
what it looks like but if you open it up
here it's also in the description box
down below underneath this video you can
open up the apart Google ads audit
checklist I'm just going to zoom in here
to make it a little bit larger so you
can see and you we've got each section
so we've got account review which is the
first part can caign review add group
review keyword ads and extensions
landing page uh you know budget and
performance visibility so we're going to
cover each one throughout the rest of
this course but just to quickly get you
familiar with the spreadsheet it's
pretty straightforward but you've got
your tasks here the title of the tasks
any notes to yourself so as you're going
through this audit you just want to you
know make a note of something like oh I
noticed that they have this time zone
versus this one you can drop any notes
priorities we'll cover this later on
like how to once you go this whole audit
you're going to have so many freaking
things that you could potentially do
this column is going to come into place
to kind of help prioritize those
different
recommendations if you're doing this
with somebody else on your team who's
owning certain tasks of the audit if
it's just you then you can assign it to
yourself when did you start this task
when is it due what's the percentage of
the task complete so is it 100% done is
it 50% done you can use this as a way of
just staying organized your action item
for this lesson is to make a copy of the
Google ads audit checklist list and
decide on account that you'd like to
audit so you can follow along with the
next lessons I hope you received a ton
of value so far please share ad
conversion with your colleagues or leave
us a testimonial we appreciate any help
spreading the word I'll see you in the
next one
[Music]